Standard Tests: allow specifying exact record matches #2186 (#2960)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/contributing-to-airbyte/building-new-connector/source-acceptance-tests.md

| `config_path` | string | `secrets/config.json` |Path to a JSON object representing a valid connector configuration|
| `configured_catalog_path` | string| `integration_tests/configured_catalog.json` |Path to configured catalog|
| `validate_output_from_all_streams` | boolean | False | Verify that **all** streams have records|
| `expect_records` | object |None| Compare produced records with expected records, see details below|
| `expect_records.path` | string | | File with expected records|

> | `expect_records.extra_fields` | boolean | False | Allow records to have other fields|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `expect_records.extra_fields` | boolean | False | Allow output records to have other fields i.e: expected records are a subset |
```

| `expect_records.exact_order` | boolean | False | Ensure  that records produced in exact same order|
| `expect_records.extra_records` | boolean | True | Allow connector to produce extra records, but still enforce all records from the expected file to be produced|  

> `expect_records` is a nested configuration, if omitted - the part of the test responsible for record matching will be skipped. Due to the fact that we can't identify records without primary keys matching flags support only the following combinations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`expect_records` is a nested configuration, if omitted - the part of the test responsible for record matching will be skipped. Due to the fact that we can't identify records without primary keys, only the following flag combinations are supported:
```

> `expect_records` is a nested configuration, if omitted - the part of the test responsible for record matching will be skipped. Due to the fact that we can't identify records without primary keys matching flags support only the following combinations:

Reviewer: are Airbyte field e.g: emitted_at counted?

Author: no, we explicitly remove metadata, only record itself used for comparision

Author: the only reason I pack expected records into AirbyteRecordMessages and not just dicts is that we need the name of the stream and I don't want to have separate file for each stream
